Good afternoon gentlemen, good afternoon,
excuse me for the delay, but we
both got caught up in chatting here
privately and I almost did the
interview privately and I forgot
that we had to do it live.
Taiwan, very good friend, you very good. I have
to tell you, and it's not to make it simple
or because he's a friend of mine, but it's a
pleasure to have here one of the
top Spanish-speaking exime right now, we
couldn't say I'm very happy to see you
here. It was a pleasure, it's wine, my friend. I
've been wanting to talk for a long time, we haven't
talked like this, a lot. Well,
because you don't stop traveling, dude, but
it happened live, but trips are awesome, chopo
kittles, but lately I have to
travel around XL. Things, for example, we went to get
vaccinated, have a drink, I'm already
vaccinated, right now your immune system and you
had to go to another room, to Texas, to
Texas, I already lost, there's going to be a real mess. There's
no such thing as a line, they'll screw you
because everyone will want to get vaccinated or
an option like that, but the US is so
impressive.  the vaccination
friend activates slowly also here and
now it was supposed to be
curing middle-
aged people but so still with the
elderly it is impressive I tell you that
even in a Walmart they can vaccinate and there are
people
of all ages and not a huge line
in the guard way like five or six
people waiting to be vaccinated sit
well the vaccine is
sitting table of side effects or
something that the first vaccine not the first one
was like like a super good bar the second one did
give me a headache it gave me a
little fever and the pain in the
arm as if you had just been
punched but literally how will they
hold on like that although they gave the arm
because the liquid hurts not the vaccine
as such the liquid does not hurt when
after like an urbas or when a lot of
fatigue fattening a lot of dizziness I go to the
emergency room they inject me with an urbason and it
seems to me that they have given me everything that
has no name not because how you organize yourself
at the end of the day, I mean, you dedicate yourself to more
things apart from studying they have more
investment in more business it
depends a lot there are days when,
for example today  what I told you I had
therapy at 8 in the morning then I had to
have a meeting there via zoom for
a campaign I have this week and
then I had to go to the bank to do
some things and so usually I have
things to do around the house very simple
everyday life and then by 11
in the morning lately because of
Marbella and the money for the series
from 11 in the morning I don't exist
weird
the radio has to start directly and you
're telling me that it's there it's 11
in the morning when it starts to premiere and
many times I see you finish when I
'm finishing in the early morning that is
there the night or you are the day on the
computer or basically if look how it
has helped me a lot because I don't know if I
feel you right now my life is very comfortable if I
tell you maybe before the series
let's say there in October my life
was in the morning not doing absolutely
anything in the afternoon doing the few
things I had to do and at 4 in
the afternoon I would take care of myself until 3 in the
morning and then I would go to bed and  I
realized that I was basically
working and I was like I wasn't doing
much with my life but
this thing about series and starting early has helped me a lot
because, like, before doing
live shows before 11 in the morning I already
do things, the few things are a lot
that I have to do during the day I do them
after that I do the live show and then the
interesting thing here is that from 9 onwards
I have time to live, you know, whether it's to be
with nobody, to be with
my friends, like I feel very comfortable
because I already feel that my day is not about
work, I
relate our work a bit to the hospitality industry
because in reality we
have to choose the hours to work are
a bit like the time at which people
rest, we
cannot, for example, choose to work
like 7 in the morning or have a
schedule from 7 in the morning to 1 in the
afternoon, at that time it cannot be
determined why people are
working, I mean, we have to and
on the contrary and take free time
to spend with the family when
people normally work. I have
streamer friends who say that they do
n't work on the weekend because it's the
weekend  and it makes me want to grab them
by the head it's literally like it's the
weekend idiot it's from the moment in which
people are more free and don't
have thoughts they go as the
other diary said with others I don't know if you saw it
putting your eggs in other baskets
acting yourself is only dedicating yourself
to what is streamer and youtube
I had for you basically it's an extra let's
not say 9 x for me youtube is a
means of diffusion for me everything that is not
twitch for me is a means of
diffusion twitch is my job the big thing I
am let's say not a room big income
comes from tweets and youtube serves as a
platform to grow let's say to
give you a little promo not exactly
you keep the salary from youtube or just
only take your editor there are many
that I have it it's a very big salary
listen to me and dance I don't know if it's going to crash that's why I
asked you why I don't know
if I would give I didn't intend for me to do that
but he crashes for example the
youtube channel and I think the best one also
does it the youtube channel is taken by an
editor in charge of  all the
videos and they say that the salary they say that
the entire salary the monetization
takes it so it's like they are more
involved in the end than bush they want that
as support the absurd thing is as if the
owner of a McDonald's branch
hired a person and what we earn
you take it I only want to
have a branch it's not stupid I
think that with tweet it happens a bit like with
YouTube that whether you like it or not when a
colleague doesn't make you lightning a game that
has that possibility wants it to not
appear recommended like
YouTube's own videos in tweets and you can grow
there are other streaming platforms that
are still very new and they have a long way
to go to even reach it not
because they don't have quality and because I don't know
strong but because it is very difficult what
tweet is doing that
YouTube is putting a little bit of a foot in it is a merit the
same it is that growing in tweets is complicated you
know in tweets
and so let's see the recommended channels tab
that everyone appears
on the computer it is very useful but also in
complicated tweets I give a lot of credit to
people who have grown in tweets on their
own completely alone because it
is an area  complicated many of us
started with a push from friends
couples and so on and that has helped us
at least have a small place that
one will see if it goes up or keeps it there
or lower it but the possibility is of
the kingdoms of the kings or also the
kings the hobbits also I sometimes do not feel
the REITs very useful if the house you
doubt a house and people leave and that's it
the truth is that from that king of eyes
I can give a house of I don't know how many
thousands of people but the best and they
keep 34 percent if it is someone who
more or less makes the same content on
tube like that yes if tomorrow I
give a host to a person who plays
league of legends it is something that I am
completely not used to my people are
going to tell you oh but what is this
[ __ ] I am leaving I think as a
content creator and it is your priority tweets
instead of considering other platforms
to promote you friend in truth dictated
that it is the biggest bust that exists what can I
imagine me doing in dictated or
rather you imagine me doing a
neighbor
but it is that  if I'm addicted which is not
vitoria it's not dancing and clicking
without a Disney [ __ ] or rather addicted which
right now is literally everything or rather I
can see text that shows a guy
counting or rather you for example do and
count a salsa or but you don't even have to
record it you can get it
directly from tweets from youtube
asaja minute of that with your editor or the
videos have 30 seconds minute no but I
think it's a minute that I do I go and
in a minute I don't have the spam at the
beginning of the video is that you're not going to
summarize your entire video to be
much more crucial than you say hey for the
girl with a table and that angers people
in fact there are people there there are many people who
send me many emails telling me
that there are many people who do it that they
take pieces of me from when
some zarcero wants or something to a
funny scene and upload it you I'm a diva I
don't care because in my day and that I'm not
monetized because really for
nobody in a text the truth is that they say
[ __ ] does not earn money even having
many millions
and I say to me no  I care as long
as I know where it comes from because there are
many videos in 2010 millions and
millions of views that
YouTube would like and they don't put them up, the bastards, I do
n't care if you do it because I don't
have it, they will do it because no, I don't have
more time and I don't care if
channels are created with clicks as long as I
gave it publicity that is something that I
wanted to tell you I did not want to lose the
opportunity since I was here about
something that bothers me a lot and I see that I have to
enter into power to see that you
do nothing about it because it allows
channels to exist with your click I know it
's a lot of money but look at the majority
of content that is summarized in me or I have
always said people who summarize
my gameplays I do not tolerate that and yes I download
enough content from people who
receive clicks from me now when I record
a video it is very obvious that I am
recording it you know why I even make the
intro for YouTube I do not mean the chat
but the comments of the video and I
even do the other there are the people who summarize
that too if I take down the videos now
most of the content that is uploaded from me
and that earns  quite a few visits are me
reacting to something so the thing
is that I tell myself a lot with both
channels as my priority is both
Twitch even sometimes for example I think it
is not a video on the main channel
for a week and something on the
secondary one I will also have a week I already have
my topics with my channels that I
could perfectly put this in the hands
of an editor
but I really like being involved
myself and now these videos most of
those that are summarized I simply
have no intention of uploading them under my name
like me but the thing is number
one it works as advertising because I am
not present on YouTube all
the time, since I am not uploading five
videos a week, those people, so to
speak, make it possible for me to
continue appearing on YouTube despite
not uploading videos and this is
important that content 90% of the
content that is summarized and that is not taken down is
content that I do not plan to upload because it
is basically reacting to third parties and
I felt bad profiting from
third party content when you react the
problem of such person with such if you are
adding an opinion you are adding
something important
by the center but now I do it if
I  I react somewhat I am a small plus
the video that in itself is good hey
we have to touch a little on Marbella is
going to indisputably how do you come up with a
character that she is liking I can't
give you my opinion because I really
developed
gaming content only when you have
controversy but as I'm noticing the
world loves your character where do you
get it from he is a lawyer he has had to
resort to lawyers a lot no I have
always said that if I had not
had the opportunity to do this
or the artistic talent that I performed for a
moment I would most likely have
gone towards law I have always
liked the political subject at some
point I liked it a lot
we are talking about my 18 or 17 years the
law is not politics but I speak about the
right of the career but anyway
this subject of politics this subject of
all this roll was a subject that to me more
than anything because of my adolescence I found
very interesting we were going through
elections in Colombia and it was an
electoral process with a slightly different development
so I liked it and to me the character of
soul guzmn is impressive and it
seems very boring that series of trigo
that I go  to kill or rather bus cool for me to
say it I do it like this is half of a
folder thank you very much for
inviting me be very well
there are many people who are going to kill me and who are
going to give me but seriously I gave it a
chance
then breaking bad I like it a lot I
like the character of soul who is
a lawyer and also around
that time I started it is the role play
that many people believe that right now until
now it is my first time in role play
no I have been in a role play for a long time
I love being a role play because the subject
of making scripts and thinking of a
story I love it done at the
university I got to see script classes
and it is something that I enjoyed a lot you say that you really
like the subject of politics and that's it
but in reality there were many if you
won't dedicate yourself to the content that I
looked for you I'll leave you but now since you
dedicate yourself to that you prefer to get involved as little as possible
no one little by little I
understand now literally each one of
my words are very well monitored
I have to be very careful because I have
always been a person who talks a
lot you know and even if they don't ask me
I like to give my opinion with the  As
time goes by I have to understand that I'm no longer
seen by 200 people now a much larger number see me
and that among all those
people there are people who love me very much and
who show me their support some people
are waiting to see when I say something
that can be taken out either with the
correct context out of context and it
can affect me so right now
I literally see myself as a
means of entertainment a means of
distraction for many people in which they had a
good time they have a good time and I do
n't even like to get into those
topics currently the problem is that I
series you always listen to them and it is that for
example now in Marbella there are 200
youtube how many do you know from there of the
200 actually probably half
and of those you know half of those you
know you know by hearsay but not enough
to know how to do collaborations I
think that in the end you have to know a
little where you can get out to another
person to sharpen are things that were coming
out in your program on your channel no
so the problem that I see there is
that you are collaborating with people that you may
not like that also
cause you  any problem or that he has some
outburst or says something that you don't
like on your channel no if I'm
very honest I've had a pleasant
surprise for the better since the golan I've
had the opportunity to meet
several people when I was 16 17 18
years old I was a 100% consumer of youtube
and now I have the opportunity to
meet many people with whom
I saw their content and that's how I see it and the
truth is that it gives me a very
nice surprise in the sense that all of them I mean I
couldn't even tell you an
exception
if you want to go without
a man but there is no one that you don't like or with whom I wouldn't collaborate among the 200 people that are there no the truth is no and more if we talk about Marbella well directly everyone there is interpreting and there it's even more difficult in ego land it's a different issue in the golan
everyone did what they wanted and
acted as they really are or a little
exaggerated not even gore from kfc let's see
the kfc 6 issue yes  I'm being honest with you,
KFC on the server seemed interesting to me.
I've always watched it and I know for a
fact that KFC is something that
is directly helping the
administrators, from maybe the people
who are putting their face forward to those who
are working in the shadows
configuring and all that, which is a
complicated issue, we are all profiting from
that server and in that case, less
talking, but I was talking about how much money can it take to
maintain a basic Marbella,
this one, but more than 20 thousand euros, generating
much less, it has been very difficult for us.
20 thousand euros is additional, sincerely,
from you two, from your fact, surely part
of the audience is not going to understand it and you
and I will because we are dedicated to this, but
sincerely, they are going for the most
expensive thing that the server costs to maintain, the
server, including the salary of the people who
program it, from my point of view, they
know that suddenly
a Juan Warmis appears in the middle of the screen or
a
blond's play, inviting the
KFC kick to the kidnapped person, the colonel, come and get
everyone to look for him for what I
'm doing or that he starts to tell you  call
totally anti roll
I see it as something healthy at the time
that you have to put advertising so that
the project is maintained already one thing
would be quite different if each
content creator had to put a
small amount of money to maintain
the server or clear happens yes I would
also see it well the truth would not
mean anything there are 200 people
exactly that each one of those 200
put about 100 euros to be able to
participate and that the server is maintained
in the best way I would not see it bad I
think that what happens with the
server is that obviously it has to be
maintained I have faith that all that money
that perhaps and was released by
kfc there are the administrators and I
see that as good maybe the spam thing in fact I
even saw a tweet there from Jackie
saying that that should not happen that
alerts should not be sent I think
that this issue is going to change but I also
tell you one thing each
content creator defines who they want to surround themselves with and
who they do not if the
kfc issue bothers you then you are not going to stop by
kfc the colonel was going to cry what I
said  found once I did a
15 minute thing with the guy and
the colonel wouldn't make a part of it anymore or even
give it too much importance when falling
how are things with him well for
happy with the face not to see I
will always have a lot of gratitude a lot of affection and it
depends on who you ask if you
ask me or him the
distancing was because of the other one and you
have to be realistic if you ask
him he will tell you completely valid points
for which the distancing exists and
if you ask me I will tell you
completely valid points for which the
distancing exists my opinion what
I think is happening and he doesn't want to it doesn't
have to be imprecise and no or
why tell me what happened because
things in private I consider that I do
n't know that one of the two breaks the line
of going public with it, he doesn't want to either, it
's not necessary I was impressed that in
reality there has been something that there
really was a friction that has hurt you like
yes there was a bad vibe something on the
part of the other between the goddess
hurt the plan you are really upset
with a bad vibe a little bit of  resentment maybe
with a bad vibe then in the other what
happens as it is not your content the
controversy and neither of the two up to
now has broken that respect because I had
publicly decided
something a little cordiality like or
jay that I with him there is no
problem simply I such there is no
trigger you know if there was a
talk in which each one exposed
points that his are valid and
mine too what we were talking about once
when I have been working for many years
even before having good ones from
North America even before having the
group this sharing Roberto I would make
the SEDET miniatures for him around 2010 and
so on with age and a
working relationship and then a
fairly strong friendship I think it was healthy at
this moment to take a little space which I
consider to be something temporary and it
is not the first time that this happens obviously
right now there was a small repercussion
because of the issue in which obviously both he and
I have many more people on all of
our social networks but it is not the
first time that this happens yesterday and I
had distanced ourselves really a
year and something ago for the same reason  because I'm
a lot like that and I think that when I see
a problem what I try to do is let's breathe let's
not think hotly and so on and that was
the first time the second time I think
the decision is that nothing is up to
[Music]
man or the most skilled lady who just
as she was raising the rates to
help you today I hope
you all look good in the morning it's 11 in the
morning and they're doing their makeup and everything is
ready but well let's
see when you come here it
's very big but we'll try to invite her to
cut it next week because
before I would stop by in a big kiss a huge hug
man here is your house for
anything I need you know where I am they
have my phone number and again thank you so much
for looking for me because I was
really looking forward to something with you man a
huge hug and thank you so much to
everyone in the chat
see you go friend